president Trump kicked off his 2020
comedy tour last night in Orlando he had
a campaign rally center there were more
red hats and dirty beards than an
unsanctioned Santa convention at this
thing the stadium crowd had a capacity
of 20,000 or as Trump calls in a million
it was for many were saying the
atmosphere was like a music festival and
it was like a music festival
specifically the fire festival yelled us
put on quite a show Trump was on fire or
at least his pants were he jumped around
from lie to lie from hot topic to hot
topic like Joy Behar on adderall and
make no mistake this president is a man
with a lot of plans
we will push onward with new medical
frontiers we will come up with the cures
to many many problems to many many
diseases including cancer and others and
we're getting closer all the time we
will eradicate AIDS in America once and
for all we're very close we will lay the
foundation for landing American
astronauts on the surface of Mars that's
right this is quite an agenda he's
planning to cure cancer
and I think he said something about
sending aids to the Moon or Mars this
would be a lot of scientific progress
from a guy who stared directly into a
solar eclipse but it is true that he's
close to eradicating AIDS in America
he's already eradicated all the AIDS he
hired to work for him at the White House
he's kind of cure cancer why even bother
curing cancer why not just deny that
cancer exists like you do everything
else Trump also unveiled a new campaign
slogan after two and a half years only
the best people put their heads together
and this is what they came up with you
ready
Keep America great
it's terrific
Tagg Keep America as in CAD me with a
spoon I was hoping for make America
great again again but I guess that was
it the president wasn't alone on stage
he got a rousing intro from his wife
Melania who said she looks forward to
being sentenced
I mean elected to six more years in the
White House and none other than the
president's third favorite son showed up
deejay TJ was there to remind us that
our president is terrible as he maybe
isn't even the worst Donald Trump you
guys remember back in 2016 when my
father said why can't we have two
percent why can't we have three percent
why can't we do better and Obama comes
up well Donald there's no magic one for
that Donald you can't just make it
happen
well abracadabra buddy there is a magic
wand
that's great can it can it make you
disappear because I'd like
he's gonna make quite a powerful speaker
when his voice finally drops looks like
way to kid magic markers on a beard to
be a a hobo for Halloween
daddy Trump had some big ly whoppers
last night he said the Russia
investigation was illegal which it was
and he said wall construction is moving
very rapidly which it is and he said air
quality is getting better when it's
getting worse he claimed he made the
number-one America the number one oil
and gas producer which he didn't he said
Americans don't pay for his tariffs
which we do he said he got the VA Choice
Act passed which he didn't he said his
administration protects pre-existing
conditions for health care which they
don't and he called it the great state
of Florida which is debatable but this
is what was going on outside the Amway
Center during the Trump rally he was
hoping there would be a big crowd of
people hanging around to watch his
speech on the giant video screen like
the way the Raptors fans did at the NBA
Finals but today they did however leave
a lot of garbage behind why do I feel
like we're looking at the future here
that was the perfect visual metaphor for
the Trump presidency all it was missing
his Ted Nugent shooting beer koozies
with a crossbow
meanwhile in Washington it was a day of
closed-door testimony for former Trump
adviser hope Hicks who reluctantly
appeared before the House Judiciary
Committee she was the White House
communications director and very close
to Trump now she works for Fox she
angered Democrats by refusing to answer
questions related to the White House
today but didn't really matter what she
said or didn't say the important thing
is walking in she looked great it's your
big day and you're not letting anything
stand in your way
not collusion
nah lawless trifle lawless assert your
executive privilege conspiracy by hoping
the hearings related to the Russia
investigation and obstruction ramped up
Republicans in the House have come up
with a list of words they don't want
Democrats to use when describing the
president for real Republican sent this
list of nono words to the chairman of
the House Judiciary Committee these are
words they say violate long-standing
congressional rules words like crook
conman corruption demagogue draft dodger
misogynist racist sexual basically they
don't want him to call him anything he
is so which is very unusual I wanted to
learn more about this so we reached out
to the ranking Republican on the
committee and he joins us tonight please
welcome him now representative bill
Frederick of Missouri represented on the
second place dimwit dingdong dingleberry
dipstick douche burger draft dodger here
we go dumbass Oh are all those cards
things you don't want Democrats calling
the president no this is just a through
f o lot of after Jimmy I'll bet your
fascist
Fathead felon fire fool oh wait fry fire
fire fire fire fire fire comma dumpster
oh the face of wonder di father both
ways I got it's an alphabetical
thing yes I started out trying to
organize them by category you know
collusion corruption racism senility
spelling it you got two cops I can see
that it is very complicated and where do
all these descriptive words come from
where do you get them brainstorming
mostly but also I have a kid monitoring
social media oh I suspect area
now my kid horse Michael oh well this is
exactly what we're talking about I mean
grandpa grab-ass oh really sir gropes a
lot Opaka Loompa Oh No
wladim our pumpkin Oh No this kind of
language is totally unacceptable yeah I
agree but can you really stop the
democrats from using those kind of words
have you ever read the congressional
rules of conduct Jim I can't say that I
have no well the rules are very clear
members may not under any circumstances
verbally denigrate the president by
using derogatory language like well here
McNugget brain all right blow this uncle
scam right uncle yeah Eric's dad that
one's too much Donald Trump I will point
out calls people mean things all the
time he's famous for it so I surely you
could see how people might consider this
to be a double standard no no I know you
Hollywood liberals don't care for this
president okay yeah I get this but this
is not about Donald Trump it isn't
because oh this is about respecting the
office of the presidency no president of
either party should be called stuff like
well hear more on Old MacDonald oh my
goodness commander in cheese made the
great white dope oh yeah that is spray
tanning versus Putin's Labradoodle oh
yeah that's our lard-ass Oh No lots of
me bag with a Twitter account that's too
much
Spanky doodle Donald Blom thankful human
Chernobyl good old orange penis oh well
I think we get the idea sir but thank
you very much for your time I
I am Jimmy Kimmel click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though